Add media-type param for CBOR tag (#74)
ietf-rats/draft-birkholz-rats-epoch-marker: draft-ietf-rats-epoch-markers.md

In general, Epoch Markers are intended to be conveyed securely, e.g., by being included in a signed data structure, such as a CBOR Web Token (CWT), or by being sent via a secure channel.
The specification of such "outer" structures and protocols and the means how to secure them is beyond the scope of this document.
This document defines the different types of Epoch Markers in {{sec-iana-cbor-tags}}.
When an Epoch Marker is conveyed as `application/epoch-marker+cbor`, the optional `em-type` media type parameter can carry the CBOR tag number of the Epoch Marker type as a decimal unsigned integer.

> If the parameter is present, its value MUST match the CBOR tag of the encoded Epoch Marker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the media type `application/epoch-marker+cbor` is used to label content as an Epoch Marker, the `em-type` media type parameter can optionally specify the Epoch Marker type by referencing its CBOR tag number.
```

Author: Hmm, that sounds a bit off to me, how about:

> ... can optionally be used to specify the Epoch Marker type by referencing its CBOR tag number.

Reviewer: > Hmm, that sounds a bit off to me, how about:
> 
> > ... can optionally be used to specify the Epoch Marker type by referencing its CBOR tag number.

👍 suggestion update

: no

Optional parameters:
: `em-type`: a CBOR tag number identifying the Epoch Marker type carried in the payload.
The value is encoded as a decimal unsigned integer, without tag-to-string translation.

> If present, it MUST match the CBOR tag of the encoded Epoch Marker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: `em-type`: the CBOR tag number that identifies the specific Epoch Marker.
This value is encoded as an unsigned decimal integer.
```
